I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Captain Daddy Dog
Peppa and her friends
are playing at Danny Dog's house.
I'm a sea captain,
sailing across the sea.
We are jolly pirates,
shivery timbers.
Ahha!
It's the posts.
It is Mr. Zebra, the postman.
Hello, Mummy Dog.
I've got a postcard for you.
Thank you, Mr. Zebra.
Bye now.
Who is the postcard from, Mummy?
It's from Captain Dog.
Daddy!
He's finished his sailing trip
around the world and he's coming home.
Woo!
How exciting!
I wonder when he'll be back.
Ahoy, there, Mr. Zebra.
Hello, Captain Dog.
Hello!
Daddy! Danny!
Captain Dog is home from the sea.
My Captain Dog!
Mummy Dog! My sweet heart!
How long are you home for, Daddy?
Forever!
I've decided my travelling days are over.
I've been around the world and made me fortune.
Woo!
And lost it again.
Oh!
And made it again.
Hooray!
Ah! I love to travel.
But that something I really miss
when I'm away.
What, Daddy?
My darlings, of course!
Ha ha ha.
So I'm hanging up my Captain's hat for good.
Let me tell you all about my travels.
I've been away for a year and a day,
sailing around the world.
All the way around?
Yes.
What did you do at the bottom?
Did you fall off?
No, I held on tightly.
Wow!
What an adventure!
It was, and I brought back presents
for all of you.
Woo! Presents!
Here's a drum for Danny,
from a faraway jungle.
Thank you, Daddy.
Very good, Danny.
I can bang it louder.
Perhaps that's enough banging for now.
And for all your friends,
some seashells from a desert island.
Woo!
If you hold them to your ear,
you can hear the sea.
Yes, I can hear the seaside.
And for my darling Mummy Dog,
a chest of golden jewels.
Wow! How lovely.
That will come in handy.
Ah! It's great to be home.
It is morning. Captain Dog is up early.
Daddy, what are you doing?
I'm checking the wind, Danny.
Why?
Sailors always check the wind
before they sail.
But you are not a sailor any more.
Oh, yes. I did say that, didn't I?
Do you miss the sea, Daddy?
No, no. I don't miss the sea.
But I do miss my boat.
I've got a boat that Granddad Dog made for me.
Aa-ha! That's an exact copy of my boat.
You could help me sail it.
That sounds like fun.
Peppa and her friends are at the duck pond.
Ahoy, there, shipmates.
Room for another boat on the briny waters?
Yes.
Excellent! Danny, our boat needs a captain.
It can't sail itself.
Daddy, will you be my boat's captain?
I'll be delighted, Danny,
if you'll be my first mate.
Yes, please.
Launch the boat.
A-ya Captain!
Wind is surf westerly. The waters are come.
My last adventure was sailing a boat
around the world.
My next adventure is sailing a boat
across a duck pond! Ah ha ha!
Captain Dog likes sailing across duck ponds.
Everyone likes sailing across duck ponds.